{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\highlight1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 HTML\highlight0\b0\fs22\par
What are tags and attributes in HTML?\par
What are void elements in HTML?\par
What is the advantage of collapsing white space?\par
What are HTML Entities?\par
What are different types of lists in HTML?\par
What is the \lquote class\rquote  attribute in HTML?\par
What is the difference between the \lquote id\rquote  attribute and the \lquote class\rquote  attribute of HTML elements?\par
Describe HTML layout structure\par
How to optimize website assets loading?\par
What are the various formatting tags in HTML?\par
What are the different kinds of Doctypes available?\par
Please explain how to indicate the character set being used by a document in HTML?\par
What is the difference between <strong>, <b> tags and <em>, <i> tags?\par
What is the significance of <head> and <body> tag in HTML?\par
Can we display a web page inside a web page or Is nesting of webpages possible?\par
How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing?\par
How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an HTML table?\par
Is it possible to change an inline element into a block level element?\par
In how many ways can we position an HTML element? Or what are the permissible values of the position attribute?\par
In how many ways you can display HTML elements?\par
What is the difference between \ldblquote display: none\rdblquote  and \ldblquote visibility: hidden\rdblquote , when used as attributes to the HTML element.\par
How to specify the link in HTML and explain the target attribute?\par
In how many ways can we specify the CSS styles for the HTML element?\par
Difference between link tag <link> and anchor tag <a>?\par
How to include javascript code in HTML?\par
When to use scripts in the head and when to use scripts in the body?\par
What are forms and how to create forms in HTML?\par
How to handle events in HTML?\par
\highlight1\b\fs28 CSS\highlight0\b0\fs22\par
What is the Box model in CSS? Which CSS properties are a part of it?\par
What are the advantages of using CSS?\par
What are the limitations of CSS?\par
How to include CSS in the webpage?\par
What are the different types of Selectors in CSS?\par
What is a CSS Preprocessor? What are Sass, Less, and Stylus? Why do people use them?\par
What is VH/VW (viewport height/ viewport width) in CSS?\par
Difference between reset vs normalize CSS?. How do they differ?\par
What is the difference between inline, inline-block, and block?\par
Is it important to test the webpage in different browsers?\par
What are Pseudo elements and Pseudo classes?\par
How do you specify units in the CSS?. What are the different ways to do it?\par
Does margin-top or margin-bottom have an effect on inline elements?\par
What property is used for changing the font face?\par
What are the differences between adaptive design and responsive design?\par
How are the CSS selectors matched against the elements by the browser?\par
How is border-box different from content-box?\par
How is opacity specified in CSS3?\par
Why should we use float property in CSS?\par
What is a z-index, how does it function?\par
What do the following CSS selectors mean?\par
What are the properties of flexbox?\par
What is cascading in CSS?\par
\highlight1\b\fs28 Javascript\highlight0\b0\fs22\par
What are the possible ways to create objects in JavaScript\par
What is a prototype chain\par
What is the difference between Call, Apply and Bind\par
What is JSON and its common operations\par
What is the purpose of the array slice method\par
What is the purpose of the array splice method\par
What is the difference between slice and splice\par
How do you compare an Object with a Map\par
What is the difference between == and === operators\par
What are lambda expression or arrow functions\par
What is a first class function\par
What is a first order function\par
What is a higher order function\par
What is a unary function\par
What is the currying function\par
What is a pure function\par
What is the purpose of the let keyword\par
What is the difference between let and var\par
What is the reason to choose the name let as a keyword\par
How do you redeclare variables in switch block without an error\par
What is the Temporal Dead Zone\par
What is IIFE(Immediately Invoked Function Expression)\par
How do you decode or encode a URL in JavaScript?\par
What is memoization\par
What is Hoisting\par
What are classes in ES6\par
What are closures\par
What are modules\par
Why do you need modules\par
What is scope in javascript\par
What are the differences between cookie, local storage and session storage\par
What is the main difference between localStorage and sessionStorage\par
What is a promise\par
Why do you need a promise\par
What are the three states of promise\par
What is a callback function\par
Why do we need callbacks\par
What is a callback hell\par
What are the main rules of promise\par
What is callback in callback\par
What is promise chaining\par
What is promise.all\par
What is the purpose of the race method in promise\par
What is a strict mode in javascript\par
Why do you need strict mode\par
How do you declare strict mode\par
What is the purpose of double exclamation\par
What is the purpose of the delete operator\par
What is typeof operator\par
What is undefined property\par
What is null value\par
What is the difference between null and undefined\par
What is eval\par
What is the difference between window and document\par
What is isNaN\par
What are the differences between undeclared and undefined variables\par
What are global variables\par
What are the problems with global variables\par
What is NaN property\par
What is the purpose of isFinite function\par
What is an event flow\par
What is event bubbling\par
What is event capturing\par
What are the pros and cons of promises over callbacks\par
What is the use of preventDefault method\par
What is the use of stopPropagation method\par
What is the use of setTimeout\par
What is the use of setInterval\par
Why is JavaScript treated as Single threaded\par
What is an event delegation\par
What is ECMAScript\par
What is JSON\par
What is the purpose of clearTimeout method\par
What is the purpose of clearInterval method\par
How do you check whether a string contains a substring\par
How do you check if a key exists in an object\par
How do you loop through or enumerate javascript object\par
How do you test for an empty object\par
What is an arguments object\par
How do you convert the first letter of a string to uppercase\par
What are the pros and cons of for loop\par
How do you display the current date in javascript\par
How do you compare two date objects\par
How do you check if a string starts with another string\par
How do you trim a string in javascript\par
How do you add a key value pair in javascript\par
Is the '!--' notation represents a special operator\par
How do you assign default values to variables\par
How do you define multiline strings\par
What is a polyfill\par
What is a rest parameter\par
What is a spread operator\par
What is an event loop\par
What is call stack\par
What is an event queue\par
What is an Unary operator\par
How do you reversing an array\par
How do you find min and max value in an array\par
How do you find min and max values without Math functions\par
What are the differences between javascript and typescript\par
What are the advantages of typescript over javascript\par
What is an enum\par
How do you extend classes\par
What is ES6\par
List down some of the features of ES6\par
Can I redeclare let and const variables\par
Is const variable makes the value immutable\par
What are template literals\par
Object destructuring\par
How do you convert character to ASCII code\par
What is the difference between Shallow and Deep copy\par
What is an async function\par
What are the differences between spread operator and rest parameter\par
What is debouncing?\par
What is throttling?\par
What is pass by value and pass by reference?\par
What are the differences between primitives and non-primitives?\par
What are the differences between pure and impure functions?\par
What is the difference between map and forEach functions?\par
}
 